yes, even mad, I'm cowbell and
Welcome to the new video to the most
our second one I just want you in
a short video we explain that
You can do it with the knife left in
account strike global offensive
I have the short here
text file rausgesucht or the commands
you can see that here already is 0
zloty 10 is cl right hand on 1 that
means that you are from 0 to 3 because three
years slot 3 is on slot three that
Bound knives are mostly at least
stands here for example cl underlined
orient 0
that means if you often press that will
wished knife on the left side and
you can so loosely so to speak
poke
the problem with the whole thing here
take a little naja script you can
rather not say it's just as said
just at 1
the problem is simply that always
if you push the three so that that
weather is on the left and then
the mouse wheel again switched sport1
so if you are with the mausrad
tampered with that then the weapon so
then the zbm vieracker or abb on the
left side sees handicapped that is
he would then have to press 1 again
then just to switch back over
if not with the mausrad
handled and only with the buttons
So above with the numbers then I can
recommend the fire because I have it
stop with me too
I do not mind if the weapon
somehow at once on the left is
or because sometimes I do 31
just go through the weapons and think
not because
but that does not bother me if it's me
disrupts I do say just get out then
you just have to go behind the
colon he behind this point me
think they colum reads in part I
sure , just go away like that and that
animal then just keep doing that
Everyone and then that's just deleted
then that's just normal again
if you completely left the weapon on
So by default you want to have links
want to have then look for this
Command out of the config I go
times briefly in here just anyway config
we have that here, too
he on 1 with the value 1 1 is always nate
0 is always disabled and ultimately
would do on the ball would
this order be made out
well incorrect sentence structure matter because it is just
this command yes go out and
then you have got the weapon
disclose instead of right
ok, if you do not care
I can go quickly
into the game and make a little video
and then we'll see each other again like that
now in the game and we already recognize
Can it be my knife on the left?
page if I press three and if I
One back I have the work again
on the right side and the same
also with the gun as I said like me
have already said in a tutorial that
problem is if I press now on 3
So that's the knife on the left
side is or should be
whatever and then press the mouse wheel
then the weapon is omsk all
the pistol in the case also on the
left side you should stop then
just velvet two or just depending on that
13 then you have the whole thing up again
the right side I do not know if you can
that can somehow fix with one
other command or something
if any of you know it can
Of course, in the comments
write
otherwise i hope i could join you
help with the order or with
the little baines all the wine for that
of course, are the people in video
description and yes that exactly
rating clearly and I hope that we
by fallen until the next videos
first people